This repository is made to host the code used for the article "Neural Networks for net survival estimation and prediction". It hosts the different codes to generate databases for each scenarios (PH, NPH, complex) and the code used for the simulation study. There is also the code used for the application on the Solvene cancer registery "colrec" from the package "relsurv".

The "NPH scenario data gerneration (low and high censoring)", "PH scenario data gerneration (high censoring)", "PH scenario data gerneration (low censoring)" and "Complex scenario data generation code" are the code used to generate the database for each scenario. One can find in those code the functions Sp,Sn, Sobs used to get populational, net and observed survival respectively. The Tsim function simulate net survival times through the inverse transform sampling method.

The "Simulation code" file is used for the scenarios with the PH or without the PH assumption (PH and NPH databases are used here). The function "simulate_iteration" estimate a Weibull model, the four different splines models, the PLANN method (with cross-validation estimaton of the hyper-parameters) and the Pohar Perme estimator as well as the prediction of the models and method on training and validation samples and on stratum of sex and cancer location of those samples. The functions "calc_indic" and "calc_indic_PP" computes the indicators (bias and RMSE) using the theorical value or the Pohar Perme value as the theorical value respectively. The "calc_indic" function also computes the ROC net AUC values for each method.

The "Complex simulation code" and "Complex scenario bais RMSE ROC computation code" uses the similar logic and functions for the complex scenario. 
